Thank you, Master Jiu
Jiu Ye, Jiu Ye
I will be beaten, please.
The third sister is here
Liye
What's the matter, the third sister gave me 50,000 dollars
Give it back
Your illness is a bottomless pit
I want to drag everyone to you
Light Snow
The family doesn't speak two languages
Take the money first
It's not enough.
We'll scrape it together.
Sister Xiaoxue
I'll make enough for the treatment right away
You don't need the money.
I just asked the doctor
The surgery alone costs more than 500,000 yuan
Where are you going to make so much money alone?
Please you must take it
Don't make me angry.
OK
Light Snow
It's time I left.
You take good care
Sister, go away
Take the money first
Although not useful
But don't take it
Three Realms of Mind
Sister-in-law and first brother made 2.20 million selling antiques today
You can rest assured
You don't have to worry about the money.
Li Yi
What antiques do you sell?
It's worth that much money.
Isn't it illegal?